# REVAMPING HYPERSPECTRAL IMAGE SECURITY WITH LAB COLOR SPACE ENCRYPTION

Hyperspectral imaging is a remote sensing technol- ogy that captures and analyzes the spectrum of light reflecting off an object, providing a wealth of information about its chemical and physical properties. However, it’s frequently necessary to prevent unauthorized access to the delicate information that one’s hyperspectral photographs contain. In order to protect one’s hyperspectral data, encryption is used. In many industries, including remote sensing, medical imaging, and military, hyper- spectral imaging has become a strong technique that is widely used. Nevertheless, there are growing worries about hyperspectral images’ security during transmission and storage as a result of their expanding use. Encryption techniques have been used to lessen the hazards connected to hyperspectral picture security. However, there are some drawbacks to the encryption techniques now in use, including security gaps, efficiency issues, and at- tack susceptibility. However, this method comes with a number of drawbacks, including higher computational complexity, de- creased image quality, difficult key management, compatibility concerns, and decreased performance. The proposed method has successfully addressed these drawbacks and demonstrated significant improvements in terms of security, efficiency, and robustness. In fact, the results of the proposed work have been highly promising, with a close proximity of 97% to the desired security standards.
